README.md, before:

# devconf

Contains my common config files to make a nice looking dev machine.

- [Blog post](https://ogriffiths.com/2020/devconf)
- One-liner install:
  
  ```shell
  echo "INSTALLING.." && sudo apt install git -y && git clone https://github.com/owez/devconf && cd devconf/ && ./devconf.sh && cd .. && rm -rf devconf && echo "FINISHED!"
  ```

## What's included?

It is made for an ubuntu/ubuntu-derived enviroment (like xubuntu) and has been tested on `ubuntu`, `kubuntu` and `linux mint`. The following apt packages are installed when ran:

- [python3](https://python.org)
- [git](https://git-scm.com/)
- [vim](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vim_(text_editor))
- [make](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Make_(software))
- [build-essential](https://packages.debian.org/bullseye/build-essential)
- [wget](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wget)
- [curl](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CURL)
- [fontconfig](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fontconfig)
- [zsh](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Z_shell)
- [neofetch](https://github.com/dylanaraps/neofetch)
- [zip](https://packages.debian.org/bullseye/zip)
- [unzip](https://packages.debian.org/buster/unzip)
- [python3](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Python_(programming_language))
- [python3-dev](https://packages.debian.org/bullseye/python3-dev)
- [transmission-gtk](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transmission_(BitTorrent_client))
- [pandoc](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pandoc)
- [texlive-xetex](https://tug.org/texlive/)
- [cmake](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CMake)
- [golang](https://golang.org/)
- [node-js](https://nodejs.org/)
- [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/)
- [default-jdk](https://packages.ubuntu.com/search?keywords=default-jdk)
- [mono-complete](https://packages.ubuntu.com/search?keywords=mono-complete)
- [xclip](https://launchpad.net/xclip)

And the following non-apt items are also installed:

- [`hack` font](https://sourcefoundry.org/hack/)
- [powerlevel10k zsh theme](https://github.com/romkatv/powerlevel10k)
- [YouCompleteMe autocompleter](https://github.com/ycm-core/YouCompleteMe)
- [oh-my-zsh (`zsh` plugin manager)](https://ohmyz.sh/)
- [Rust + Cargo (via `rustup`)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rust_(programming_language))

## Running

Simply run `./devconf.sh`. This is made for specifically ubuntu and it's derivatives (linux mint, kubuntu, xubuntu) but (should) work on debian. Make sure to change out the "Add git username/passwords" in the `devconf.sh` file or you'll be commiting using my email for git!

## Extras

You may install extra field specfic tools by running one or more of the following scripts:

- `bash pentesting.sh`: Common pentesting tools (focused on wireless)

Commit message:

Added rust autocomplete and fixed vim install

README.md, after:

# devconf

Contains my common config files to make a nice looking dev machine.

- [Blog post](https://ogriffiths.com/2020/devconf)
- One-liner install:
  
  ```shell
  echo "INSTALLING.." && sudo apt install git -y && git clone https://github.com/owez/devconf && cd devconf/ && ./devconf.sh && cd .. && rm -rf devconf && echo "FINISHED!"
  ```

## What's included?

It is made for an ubuntu/ubuntu-derived enviroment (like xubuntu) and has been tested on `ubuntu`, `kubuntu` and `linux mint`. The following apt packages are installed when ran:

- [python3](https://python.org)
- [git](https://git-scm.com/)
- [vim](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vim_(text_editor))
- [make](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Make_(software))
- [build-essential](https://packages.debian.org/bullseye/build-essential)
- [wget](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wget)
- [curl](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CURL)
- [fontconfig](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fontconfig)
- [zsh](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Z_shell)
- [neofetch](https://github.com/dylanaraps/neofetch)
- [zip](https://packages.debian.org/bullseye/zip)
- [unzip](https://packages.debian.org/buster/unzip)
- [python3](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Python_(programming_language))
- [python3-dev](https://packages.debian.org/bullseye/python3-dev)
- [transmission-gtk](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transmission_(BitTorrent_client))
- [pandoc](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pandoc)
- [texlive-xetex](https://tug.org/texlive/)
- [cmake](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CMake)
- [golang](https://golang.org/)
- [node-js](https://nodejs.org/)
- [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/)
- [default-jdk](https://packages.ubuntu.com/search?keywords=default-jdk)
- [mono-complete](https://packages.ubuntu.com/search?keywords=mono-complete)
- [xclip](https://launchpad.net/xclip)
- [fonts-hack](https://github.com/source-foundry/Hack)

And the following non-apt items are also installed:

- [powerlevel10k zsh theme](https://github.com/romkatv/powerlevel10k)
- [YouCompleteMe autocompleter](https://github.com/ycm-core/YouCompleteMe)
- [oh-my-zsh (`zsh` plugin manager)](https://ohmyz.sh/)
- [Rust + Cargo (via `rustup`)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rust_(programming_language))

## Running

Simply run `./devconf.sh`. This is made for specifically ubuntu and it's derivatives (linux mint, kubuntu, xubuntu) but (should) work on debian. Make sure to change out the "Add git username/passwords" in the `devconf.sh` file or you'll be commiting using my email for git!

For the first time you run `vim`, no plugins will be installed. As vim uses the [`vim-plug`](https://github.com/junegunn/vim-plug) library, you'll have to type `:PlugInstall` when vim opens in order to install plugins such as the theme and autocompletion.

## Extras

You may install extra field specfic tools by running one or more of the following scripts:

- `bash pentesting.sh`: Common pentesting tools (focused on wireless)
